# Wordle

This is a simple Wordle reacreation in C#. It is a console application that allows the user to guess a word. The user has 6 attempts to guess the word. The game will provide feedback on the user's guess. The game will end when the user guesses the word or when the user runs out of attempts. It has two parts:
1. Client: The client is a console application that allows the user to play the game.
2. Server: The server is a console application that generates a random word for the user to guess.


## Client

The client is a console application that allows the user to play the game. User must be logged in or play in offline mode. Offline mode doesn't require user to login and words for offline mode is generated each run. In online mode the word is generated by server. Server will also provide feedback on the user's guess. The game will end when the user guesses the word or when the user runs out of attempts.

## Server

### api/login

- POST: Login JSON with username and password
```json
{
    "username": "admin",
    "password": "admin"
}
```

### api/register

- POST: Register JSON with username and password
```json
{
    "username": "admin",
    "password": "admin"
}
```

### api/validate

- POST: Validate JSON with word
- AUTH: JWT token in Cookie
```json
{
    "word": "admin"
}
```

- Returns JSON with feedback
```json
{
    "Response": {
        "0_a": "grey",
        "1_d": "green",
        "2_m": "yellow",
        "3_i": "grey",
        "4_n": "yellow"
    }
}
```

### api/stats

- GET: Get stats
- AUTH: JWT token in Cookie
- Returns JSON with stats
```json
{
    "numberOfWins": 0,
    "currentStreak": 0,
}
```

### api/check

- GET: Check if user played, returns history or error message that he played
- AUTH: JWT token in Cookie